and this is not again Fringe figure 90
to 100 million evangelicals in the
United States John hag's one of the
biggest figures he's invited to White
House events he's invited to US Embassy
openings imagine if a Muslim was saying
this stuff if imagine if a Muslim says
it's like we need to destroy Israel and
then the next day and the next day he's
like he's hosted by the president of
Egypt imagine a college kid on campus is
saying from The River To The Sea
Palestine will be free we're told that's
genocide this guy is proposing wiping
out multiple countries in the Middle
East he's a favorite of the Republican
party and by the way this is the most
important point he's an
[Music]
anti-semite I'm Mandy Hass and I'm
bessim YF and we are not kidding we're
not we're not B welcome back are you're
leaning into this hoodie thing oh God I
knew it the minute I put this on in my
hotel room this morning I thought I'm
coming I'm coming here I'm just you back
to being a doctor I'm being respectful I
feel like you've got bedside Mana you're
back to being a doctor that's the only
shirt I own
you looking at it I don't know what
happened here today we I went inal you
went formal roll reversal yes good to
have you back thank you so much for
having you been so busy traveling the
world I to do an without you found and
you found a replacement for me already
you got Samy AR Sammy was fantastic I
hate him I hate him because he's so good
he's very good he can make jokes about
math about math how how many people can
do that uh he's he's brilliant I've
never come across anyone who's done it
successfully no we missed you but you've
been busy you've been your tour's over
back here in La we are in Los Angeles
I'm here visiting you on home turf yes
thank you so much and you're back for
what 72 hours before you do another 100
shows I'm I'm I I I finished 25 shows in
Europe and then I'm doing just four
shows five shows in the Middle East four
different countries and uh it's going to
be interesting I watched you on
Instagram in various cities in Europe I
got to asked a question you seemed like
you having a lot of fun you are Egyptian
American from Cairo living in La simple
question what's your favorite European
city that you went to oh I don't know I
I have one I'm a Londoner so I'm biased
obviously Dublin Dublin oh my God the
energy the energy I had drunk Irish man
coming up to me it's like oh it's you
it's you you're free Paulin like that's
what I was going to say that's why you
that's why you really like d not the
drunk folks gold under him what he's
like I had the energy that's why you
like Ireland cuz a free Palestine Irish
have got good politics you care about I
told them like you know Irish people and
they've been they've been occupied this
place they went through famine they've
been through oppression they are the
brown people of Europe and uh that's why
they feel for us I'm sure they I'm sure
they they even had a brown guy as prime
minister for a while yeah I know um so
let's talk about Palestine by the way
one more thing go about before I still
going to try to make you dance with me
at the end our favorite dance it's not
going to work even with the hoodie even
with the hoodie you can you can do it in
your callans and I'll watch
you I'll try the the I'm not I'm not the
Dublin crowd sadly let's talk about
Palestine issue that hasn't gone away
since we last spoke sadly and one thing
I wanted to talk to you about today this
show is called we're not kidding and I
want to talk about topics that you go
are you kidding and the obvious topic
and I know you've talked about this but
I want to get into it today um which is
religion the role of religion in this
conflict okay the role of religious
extremism something you and I have both
critiqued in our own ways over the years
both within our own community and in
other communities but I want to start
with a really crazy story that you've
talked about um I didn't believe when I
came across I thought this is nonsense
what what are we talking about I'm
talking about a cow no are you talking
about the red heers I want to talk about
red heers I know dude no I I need to
talk to you about red heers no I do I'm
I've become obsessed with red heers no I
have I'm like the expert on red heers
now here's here's the thing about Tre
heers I went on a couple of podcasts and
everybody was like oh Basim now is
meddling in conspiracy theories so with
all of that these messages like okay
maybe I went too far because honestly I
was watching a lot lot of stuff like for
example that documentary called praying
for Armageddon which is an incredible uh
documentary I think done by a Danish uh
director and they came to my show by the
way in Copenhagen and and and and they
were very appreciative but I thought I
was going too far because I was scared
because when I saw that the people high
up politicians people in power talking
spouting crazy religious uh
apocalyptic ideas I thought I was a
little bit paranoid well well just just
so just so our viewers and listeners are
with us what's the deal with the red
heers I I I don't all right I'll tell
you I'll I don't want to get into it all
I'm gonna get into it okay this is I
hear the thing he's a respectful
journalist so I'm goingon to hide behind
his journalistic credibility and I'm
going to see oh my God is that true oh
my God is this happening people who know
me know that even if you disagree with
me I try and bring receipt for those
bring the receipts for those of you at
home who aren't aware of what is going
on in a what was a fringe part of the
Israeli Jewish Community but is becoming
very mainstream unfortunately under this
government there are a bunch of
Messianic people in Israel who want to
build the Third Temple right there's two
previous temples destroyed by the Romans
the last one 70 AD and right now there
is a movement a temple movement in
Israel and supported abroad that wants
to rebuild the Temple the only slight
problem is they want to rebuild it on
top of alaka which is one of the holiest
sites for Muslims in j are you saying
that those people are using religious
ideas in order to push political agendas
so they can bring back thought only
Muslims do that they can bring back no
they can't because they're not Muslim
Jesus and the end of the world no I
thought we are the only one we The Crazy
Ones no don't tell me I do not believe
you I do not believe you no no no no no
no you've jumped ahead my friend because
we haven't even got to Jesus yet we're
talking about our Jewish cousins let's
wait till we get to our Christian
cousins in a moment well both of them
are waiting for some kind of so they
wait Muslims are waiting too for the for
a guy do you know who the Muslims are
yeah not me but also Jesus but also
Jesus Jesus has to come before M before
we get into the deep religion this is
not a religious discussion maybe it's I
want to be clear we neither of us are
religious Scholars you are the
Antichrist neither of us are religious
Scholars but this is important because
right now we seeing a lot of violence
not just in Gaza as you pointed out in
your initial viral PE Morgan appearance
West Bank occupied West Bank East J SE a
lot of violence and a lot of that is to
do with these Messianic folks trying to
storm the Ala compound trying to get you
know sovereignty of the Temple Mount and
just what's fascinating is there's a
bunch of cows at the heart of this and
you talk about we don't need to hide
behind me well let's hide behind CBS
News let's hide behind CBS News in a
recent speech a Hamas spokesman blamed
the Jews for bringing red cows to the
Holy Land the cows he's talking about at
a secure undisclosed location are these
red heers to be precise some Jews and
Christians believe they're the key to
rebuilding the historic Jewish temple in
Jerusalem and to beckoning the Messiah
so just to be clear to the viewers and
listeners at home I just want to be
clear about this there is a belief in
some Jewish
circles that in order to rebuild the
Temple the Third Temple because there
was a first and a second temple they
believe the second destroyed by the
Romans in 70 AD in order to do that now
before the Messiah gets here part of the
uh buildup to that is finding a red heer
a female cow that's never been milked
never been pregnant never worked never
been yolked to a cart and that cow has
to be completely red not even two hairs
can be non- red otherwise doesn't count
very hard to find and that cow has to be
found brought to Jerusalem burned
overlooking the site of the Temple mount
the Mount of Olives is one such site and
when they burn that cow they look at the
Book of Numbers in the Old Testament
which talks about this prophecy well it
talks about the use of a cow to purify
the priests this is what Moses and his
brother Aaron are told by the Lord in
the Book of Numbers they believe that in
order to burn this cow they're then
purifying the ground purifying the holy
space purifying the priests who will
come and build the Third Temple that's
the role that the red heer plays and
they now say they've got five of them
they claimed they were going to burn it
on Passover didn't happened Passover
came and went they said they're going to
do it on Pentecost According to some of
the evangelicals that's come and gone in
May didn't happen now they're saying
maybe June in shavo like with a lot of
religious cults the date keeps moving
but I find it fascinating that these
people are using this idea of
sacrificing a cow to rebuild the Temple
to bring about basically their version
of the end times but forget end times we
all know what would happen
geopolitically in the world we live in
today if there was God forbidden attack
on alaka mamos by crazy Messianic also
on plan based so I don't know I don't I
don't sub to I'm I'm almost vegan so
well I actually love a good steak I love
beef um so it's interesting let's have
some beef by the way here's the
interesting part to the story of the red
heers yeah the people who brought over
these cows they've been trying to breed
one of these red heers for ages in the
West Bank in the mid90s apparently there
was a cow called Melody that they
thought was the cow and by the way for
people thinking we're crazy again let's
hide behind someone else David land of
haret wrote a piece in the mid90s and he
said shoot the cow in the head a Bullet
to the Head we cannot have this cow it
will bring about it'll bring about
craziness it'll bring about a terrorist
attack right that's how worried people
were in Israeli Society about The Fringe
but in the '90s they were The Fringe bam
now they're in government they're in
cabinet the Israeli government gave a
exception to these cows do you know this
they turned them into pets pets pets
they say like we cannot bring them
because they are strict laws to Bringing
cattle outside of Israel so they had to
bring them as pets pets and they were
greeted at the airport by the Israeli
Minister the director general of the
Israeli Ministry for Jerusalem and
Heritage of Faith the Israeli government
is in on this is not some this is why
this is why we want to talk about it
today because I talk a lot about the
Israeli government about benav about
smotrich about eliahu who's the Heritage
Minister from sm's party the about the
temple Institute which is actually an
Institute supported by the Israeli
government so here's the thing this is
exactly what happened to me when I
started talking about this like bassim
is just bringing Fringe ideas these are
people in The Fringe and people were
responding to me it's like oh you're
just like bringing the most extreme
ideas like okay maybe I'm wrong but now
I see some of those people in ceremonies
like for example when they open the move
the the American Embassy into Jerusalem
all of those like John haggy all of
those uh right wi all all the people
came in and they were celebrating it so
it is not really just political it is
religious and that is scary here's the
thing about um building the Third Temple
over aamas a lot of people when they see
this picture of the gold Dome mosque
they say that's the that's actually the
the the the rock of the Dome of the Rock
yeah El oxos is actually right next to
it h and it's like a a rectangular like
yellowish building and uh I remember I
was growing up people say like be
careful this is not a oxos that's aamos
because with all of the conspiracy
theories at the time we thought it was
Fringe it will never happen but now it's
closer than ever it's like when they
build when they tear down the oxam was
like see the the the the golden dome is
still there we didn't tear it down so
maybe it's just like to for especially
for the people who are not from that to
understand the distinction between AOS
and either ways even if there's no axos
to have like to go in and and to do
something that will
incite maybe a very a very very big
Regional War just because of religious
uh beliefs that's that's that's scary in
itself so I want to bring up those guys
you mentioned in a moment before we get
that far let's just talk about what's so
fascinating is there is this weird
Alliance between right-wing Christian
evangelicals in the US who want to bring
about the new Temple because Jesus Will
Rule from that Temple for a thousand
years they believe the
dispensationalist and of course our our
far-right Israeli settler friends who
want to uh you know destroy all of this
and and bring back the Messiah I should
point out mainstream Jewish religious
views is that the temple is rebuilt when
the Messiah comes not predates it you
can't f it it reminds me actually and
people get upset with this analogy but
it reminds of some of the Isis folks do
you remember some of the Isis folks in
dbek wanted a big b to bring about the
end of the world they belied in Northern
Syria and most of us Muslims said that's
not how it works you don't get to kind
of accelerate the end of the world
through your own stupid actions so
actually this comes back to the origin
of the Zionist movement because when the
Zionist movement started in the 19th
century and they said like we need to
have an Israel an Israel a state of
Israel so we will bring back the the
Messiah many of the rabis said like no
you can't he has to come first so they
said well we got accelerate it so we
going basically we're going to build it
and he will come yes that most religious
Jews and rabbis around the start of
Zionism were poster Zionism precisely
this reason as a secular ideology and
I'm going to be debating Zionism next
month in June in Toronto on this very
subject because people don't understand
the history of this topic it is very
political right now you have government
ministers in Israel supporting this
stuff you have a temple Institute that
wants to do it and by the way Hamas keep
bringing this up we want to talk about
they always want us to talk about Hamas
B let's talk about Hamas before talking
about Hamas I want to talk about
something about religious about like
when we're talking about like a lot of
uh uh rabbis and Jewish sex were against
having uh Palestine as as the the the
state for like to to be the home for for
Jewish people uh there was this
documentary uh produced directed and
hosted by Bill Mars called religious
L dumb name religious list is that the
name going off to making the case for
atheism right yeah yeah but no no he was
making fun of of of organized religions
Islam Christianity Judaism so in that he
made fun of all of the extreme views of
all of the religions he went to Islam
and of course it was like an easy target
for him all of the people Killing In The
Name Of of Allah all of those people
like using terrorism as a way to advance
the religious beliefs okay and then he
went to the Christians and he made fun
of the second coming of Jesus and the
Rapture but then he went to the Jewish
people he had a lot to choose from but
what he did he went to NRI Carta which
is an the anti Zionist who uh who are
against having Israel as a state until
the M pry extreme views we should say as
well but here's the thing when he went
to the Judaism because like Bill Mark
just like I'm an equal opportunity
offender I make go after the powerful he
didn't go he didn't go after the PE the
extreme people in Israel who says that
all the Gentiles will be our slaves or
everybody will be enslaved by the Jews
and they will be happy that is a fringe
position within Judaism but The Fringe
has been empowered in Israel I know but
you see what he did he went after The
Fringe in all of the other religions and
he when he went after after the the the
fren Jew people he went under after
something that would serve a political
purpose so interesting is as as a Muslim
who covered the war on terror you know I
was asked again and again to answer for
isis's apocalyptic views and isis's end
time and I say these people are fringed
these people are not representative of
any average Muslim and today I want to
say the same thing about my Jewish
cousins most American Jews don't support
this stuff but what's interesting is
again I'll say it again Israeli
government contains these ministers
Israeli government supports the group
that's bringing in heers as pets in
order to burn them at the Mount of
Olives and bring about the new Temple
and the end of time and here's the thing
growing up I was always faced by my
American friends bringing me videos that
would always bring the worst of of of
The Fringe of the Muslim world and it's
like oh look at this saying this like
doesn't represent me and I was put in a
position having to defend myself so you
know what I am grateful that for the
first time now people like wait a minute
it's not just Islam it's not that
Christianity why aren't everybody
talking about The Fringe in the
Jewish religion who are actually now not
just like a fringe but they are leading
their political Direction no but what's
so scary and this is what I want to talk
to you about today this is about
politics this is not a religious
discussion CH you and I not religious
Scholars what I would say is the
politics of this is super scary so right
now you have Christian evangelicals in
the us who want to bring about the end
of times with the cows everyone needs to
see this national gathering for pray and
repentance breakfast it's an
organization big gathering in Washington
DC end of January 3 months after October
7th you might think it's a bunch of
Fringe weirdos but it's opened by
Speaker Mike Johnson who some people
might say is a fringe Widow but he is
the house Speaker wow he turns up to
open this event Mike Johnson in the
house Mike Johns in the house of the
house turns up at this Gathering and at
this Gathering and I want to play this
CLI
a guy called Byron Stinson Christian
from Texas uh does an event does a panel
with a rabbi called Yak Mamo from the
occupied West Bank listen to the stuff
that they are saying so my friend Rabbi
itach called me in Texas he said Byron
we need to find the red heer he said we
need to look into numbers 19 and we need
to do what the what the Lord said what
God Said and so that's what we did so
saki can you tell us about numbers 19
and what that means you know it's a
strange Commandment that actually more
than 2,000 years nobody uh deal with and
uh when we start to make a research we
found that there is a red angos if you
are a farmer from Kansas Texas you will
know exactly what is this and uh I
called my friend Byron and I told him
listen we're looking for red as it's
written in the Bible numbers 19 uh you
have to find a red heer without
blemish without white or black hair that
never
walk and let bring it to Jerusalem not
as a sa sacrifice the red heer is not
sacrifice the red heer is a
ceremony we use the red he we burn it
together with ESOP and other things and
then mix the Ash with water from the
spring and then we can be to be
I mean like I did not leave the Middle
East escaping from dictatorships and and
religious extremism Texas to come here
to be ruled by a bunch of peasants from
Texas with extreme religious view
putting what what we are going to get
the red haers we are going to slaughter
them burn them and then mix but it's not
a
sacrifice I just wanted to make this
clear we're going to take those animals
slaughter
them burn turn them into ashes but it's
not sacrifice it's a ceremony I cannot
find better better like gas lighting
techniques like this my my my my wife's
family is from Texas I can never have a
steak in Texas again Red Angus without
thinking about without thinking about
the end of times let me say this wait
wait can you please go back like look
number six elazar the priest must then
take a stick of Cedar a hiso branch and
some Scarlet yarn and so and with a and
a virgin bee and
and and an Infidel ant and so what is
this this this is this is sorcery sorry
sorry B this is sorcery this is where
we're going to disagree you and I no
this ISE with you this is sorcery no
it's religious scripture the Quran has
I'm going to defend religious scripture
I don't have a problem with religious
scripture I have a problem with
religious scripture being politicized I
a to se land I have a problem with is
going to be as it's going to affect
someone who doesn't believe in that
scripture that's true you have Hamas
putting out statements people don't
realize this Hamas have put out
statements saying we did the alaka flood
that's what they call their attack cuz
they think they're protecting alaa
because red cows were brought in for
Americans Hamas are following the red
hea story which is insane so you have
Hamas stupidly claiming that they killed
innocent people because they worried
about red cows you have two guys a
Jewish and a Christian guy at a
conference opened by the house speaker
in January three months after October
7th saying this is what we're trying to
physically bring about can you imagine
if Nancy Pelosi when she was house
speaking T about Muslim conference where
they talked about end of the world can
you imagine the reaction in our media
nobody would have been saying conspiracy
that they' have been saying you're
empowering extremists and what is what's
so fascinating about these two guys is
they want different things from the same
scripture yes this is what's so
fascinating to me I say to my Jewish
friends all the time and I say to
Israelis even who disagree with me we
can disagree but why are you allying
with those guys those guys want you dead
like the end of let's explain that
because because everybody talks about
judeo-christian Val there is nothing
judeo-christian here because from
the from the from the uh right-wing
extreme Christian point of view they
would say that uh the second coming of
Jesus will happen Rapture will happen
and he's going to come and every single
Jew will either convert or die except
144,000 Jews who would be uh who would
uh preach the gospel of Christ on the
other hand on the other hand of the
extreme Jewish side they say that it's
actually
when when when the mesiah come because
it's not they don't
theologies everybody will be enslaved by
the Jews including Christians and both
of these are extreme positions within
Christianity and Judaism just like we
have extreme they basically pushing for
something for the same thing but to
totally different outcome Israeli
leaders have been asked in the past B
why are you allying with these nut jobs
who basically their vision of supporting
Israel is basically we want everyone in
gathered there so that Jesus come back
and everyone dies and they say we'll
take whatever allies we can get right
that's the cynical move on the Israeli
far right is to Ally with actual
anti-semites Al also speaking about
using religion and politics I remember
you had a very interesting interview
with naftali B by the way I quoted this
that interview in another part when
everybody where does Israel has the
right to exist and then I told him like
na benett was Al jaer a couple of years
ago and he was asked about the
Palestinians right to exist like well
not everybody gets a country like the
people in the bass people in Cur don't
have a country so pal and then but when
it comes to Israel oh okay of course
well because of Hees religious reasoning
yeah but then but then in the same
interview I guess you actually asked him
a very interesting question about that
let me finish and he never finishes he
never answers what's so fascinating and
I do miss my suit and tie as I watched
that clip and I miss my lack of gray
hair back in the day but are you hear me
there going is this a theocracy what is
going on here like but he deflects but
I've interviewed so many people over the
years I've interviewed ilhan Omar hate
figure for the American right they've
never I've interviewed Palestinians from
every fact they've never even the Hamas
guys I've interviewed I've never quoted
the Quran to me like no one's had the
audacity to come on a TV show and say to
me well Bible verse XY Quran verse XY
this guy's telling me the he goes on to
become Prime Minister of Israel shortly
after this interview he's telling me go
change the Bible and you he I was
perplexed in that moment I was like is
he really doing this and that's why we
need to understand that there are people
who are you know we talk about in our
community the salafi literalists the
people who take the word the Quran and
Hadith literally these guys are running
Israel some of these people and Israelis
know this by the way we don't talk about
this in American Media Israeli secular
Israelis know that their country is
being overrun the New York Times just
did a big piece about how Fringe
settlers and Messianic figures have
basically taken over Israel Ronan
burkeman has just written a piece last
week so this is a conversation we need
to have it has impact on all of us and
meanwhile instead of calling this stuff
out the American political mainstream
especially the Republican party you have
Mike Johnson turning up uh to events
where they're talking about red heers
and and you know building another Temple
and bringing about the end of the world
you mentioned them all the John hagges
the religious Christian Evangelical
leadership in this country who are
totally on board with isra and also
people like kufi Christian United for
Israel they have an annual budget of $7
million to spend on lobbying $7 million
and and actually over the years John
haggi sent $80 million to Israel not
from his own money but these are all
donations from his congregation so you
know how he gets the donations let's
we've got a clip of John haggy let's
play the clip of John hegy Jewish people
are a covenant people those covenants
that God made with them still stand they
have not been replaced by the church as
many of you have been taught the Jewish
people are a cherished people they are a
chosen people God chose those people I
am I I need to talk about God chosen
people okay because I I don't know as a
Christian when when when when your
priests or Pastor tells you there are
God chosen people now if I'm sitting
there why am I not one of them like I
mean would I feel like left out why why
isn't God chosen me I mean if you
believe so hard that these are God
chosen why don't you don't become Jews
why don't you convert well the answer is
and let's play the rest of the answer is
coming have a listen they are the Bible
says the apple of God's eye the apple is
the pupil of your eye so if you start
picking on Israel you're sticking your
finger in the eye of God try sticking
your finger in someone's eye and see how
quick you get their attention or stick
your finger somewhere else did you
notice the very smart conflation from
God's chosen people and the Jewish
people and as a Muslim I believe God
does cherish the Jewish people but did
you notice the smart conflation from
that to Israel immediately what hag's
interest is not the Jewish people it's
the state of Israel which is a modern
secular creation when God is talking in
the Bible about Jews and Israel he's not
talking about the state created by David
muron in 1948 um let's keep playing the
significant thing for you to remember
here is that God Almighty is making it
an unbreakable Covenant with Abraham
Isaac and Jacob forever that the land
belongs to the Jewish people end of
story there are 38 different passages in
the Bible that give the borders of
Israel God promised the Jewish
people these lands one/ half of modern
day Egypt all of Israel all of Lebanon
all of Syria all of Jordan all of Kuwait
and 34s of Saudi Arabia this is going to
become a reality in the millennial Reign
when Jesus Christ Ru the world from
Jerusalem with a rod of iron God's not
saying let's make a deal he's saying
this is the deal this is the property
they have this is Israel right
now and this is what will happen
whenever the Messiah comes back it will
be a massive land grant it's very
interesting because this is also very
close to the map of Greater Israel that
smish and benir put it behind them but
they their map is much bigger so here
likei basically gave them a little bit
of Saudi Arabia all of Syria all of Le
all
of about your country yeah but a little
bit here but like in the greater Israel
they take all of Sinai all the way
turkey and the thing is and and he says
like sooner or later this happen so
basically we are being told that we are
going to be kicked out of our Our Land
soon because God wants that so that's
scary right I mean this is this is and
this is not again Fringe figure 90 to
100 million evangelicals in the United
States John hag's one of the biggest
figures he's invited to White House
events he's invited to US Embassy
openings imagine if a Muslim was saying
this stuff if imagine if a Muslim says
it's like we to destroy Israel and then
the next day and the next day he's like
he's hosted by the president of Egypt
imagine a college kid on campus is
saying from The River To The Sea
Palestine will be free we're told that's
genocide this guy is proposing wiping
out multiple countries in the Middle
East he's a favorite of the Republican
party and by the way this is the most
important point he's an anti-semite yeah
it's open antiem his philosemitism he
the thing about those people Kies and
the likes they are pro-israel but they
hate the Jews because the they're pro
Israel because they want to get
go there so we can kill you just to be
clear John haggy is on the record saying
that Hitler was a half Jew he says the
Antichrist will be partially Jewish this
phrase that I'm using in scripture the
god of his fathers is a phrase in
scripture used solely to identify the
Jewish people it suggests that this man
is at least going to be partially Jewish
as was out of Hitler Pastor I'm pretty
sure if you and I God forbid ever said
anything close to that we would be
rightly
canell this guy is hosted by the
Republican Party by United States
presidents and he's supposed to be the
Ally of the Jewish people what what's
your name stepanic what's El stepanic
the one who's like grilling all the ivy
league presidents she goes in and she
endorses car paladon who said that
Hitler is the kind of leader that we
need today I was thinking the other day
about somebody had mentioned on radio
Adolf Hitler and and how he aroused the
crowds I mean get up there screaming
these epitet and and and these people
were just they they were hypnotized by
them uh that's I guess I guess that's
the kind of uh leader we need today she
also endorses great replacement Theory
which led to the killings in Buffalo
which says Jews are bringing in brown
people so so the same people who love
Israel are the same people who go out
and say Jews will not replace us it's
scary it is scary and they see that like
I'm watching hold hold on they do I just
want to be clear here okay our American
Jewish Community does see that right so
the polling done by Pew and others shows
here's a great stat for you twice as
many Christian evangelicals believe God
gave the land to the Jewish people in
America as American Jews yeah it's a 2
to1 ratio right it's crazy like 60 to 7%
of American even believe God gave that
land to the Jewish people for them alone
only about 30 to 40% of American Jews
believe that literal vision of the so
the naftali Bennett Vision so again we
have to remind ourselves we're not
talking about ordinary Jews and
Christians here we're talking about
Fringe freaks who are no longer fringes
in their respective countries in Israel
they're controlling the government and
in the United States they're controlling
the Republican party people like Robert
jeffris who says stuff like Jews will go
to hell he was invited to the US Embassy
opening where Jonathan greenblat from
the ADL spoke alongside him didn't call
him an anti-semite but calls Rashida T
and others so it's deeply depressing to
see what is happening in the United
States and again why are we talking
about this now because as you said leaan
is holding Congressional hearings into
college students you Mike Johnson the
Speaker of the House you want and you
know the guy Rick Allen do you know a
congressman called wa wait we have a
clip Rick Allan can I see the CLI can we
we have a clip from a college hearing
let's look have a look at this college
he and then then you'll know why basam
and I decided to talk about this subject
today are you familiar with Genesis 12:3
probably not as well as you are
Congressman well it's pretty clear it
was a
covenant that God made with
Abraham and uh that Covenant was real
clear uh if you bless Israel I will
bless you if you curse Israel is I will
curse you and then in the New
Testament it was confirmed that all
nations would be
blessed through you so you you do not
know about that I have heard that now
that you've explained it yes I heard
that before it's now familiar uh do you
consider that a serious issue I mean do
you want Columbia University to be
cursed by God of the
Bible definitely not I mean maybe you
should have a course and you know you
don't have to believe it but you know
the Bible is an Incredible Book there's
a lot of history there and you don't
have to believe it but you need to know
what's in there maybe you should have a
course suggested for those who are
having problems with all of this uh on
the Bible and what's in the Bible and
kind of what will happen if you know
under the wrath of God no here's the
here's the thing
Genesis 123 does not read like that yeah
Genesis 123 is like uh is God talking to
Abraham and he's telling them if I bless
people who bless you and I curse people
who curse you he's talking to Abraham
he's not talking to Israel he's not
talking to David Ben he not he's talking
about abah Benjamin and people might ask
yeah but like Israel Jewish people are
descends from Abraham so as Arabs so the
whole but but let's say he was no but
here AG with you there because there's
like multiple mistakes here first of all
he's quoting religious scripture in
order in in a political setting second
of all it's a distorted translation and
and and a lot of and again when I talked
about this a lot of people said bessim
you're meddling into the French thing
but a lot of people don't talk about the
Scofield bible the scoffield Bible which
was written 1909 1909 by an ex-felon and
and and and he with no religious
training which reminds me of the
islamists a lot of the islamist leaders
like zairi have no religious training I
notice similarity but I don't know if
you heard this but you say like the the
the the Christian Bible is read from
left to right the Hebrew Bible is read
from right to left and the scoffield
Bible is read from down upwards because
the notes the subn notes the footnotes
controls everything they have made an
interet and here's the thing that Bible
and the footnotes was changed many times
especially after 1967 the 6 days war in
the80s I believe they it all about
antisemitism is and and the whole idea
about like there's no crime more than
anti all of that is not in the Bible
just just to the people listening in
case you think what the hell basman May
talking about random FR stuff this is
the Bible that inspires John haggy H Hal
Lindsay all of these end times guys who
unfortunately are in many ways
brainwashing millions of Americans about
this clip Rick Allen is a congressman
from Georgia right the congressman from
Georgia by the way the craziest ones Mar
Taylor green is from Georgia right some
of the craziest Republicans from Georgia
how does Manish shafik the president
presid of Columbia sit there and laugh
and smile and go yes I would have said
what the hell are you talking about
she's busy calling the police in to
clear she's scared for her job and I
think is and I think is like even after
all of the concessions she gave to them
she she
still stay stay still with Biden after
all the concession he gave to Israel
Biden does not withand with Biden here's
what's so fascinating about this clip
again can you I hate the imagin if game
but I'm going to play it can you imagine
if ilhan Omar was interviewing a college
President and said but the says do you
want to go against the Go I mean can you
imagine people would lose their mind
this guy's not even a household name
nobody knows who Rick Allen he should be
on the front page of every newspaper as
a deranged religious theocrat in
Congress bullying secular College
presidents and this is what's happening
in our politics the Republican party is
not just white supremacist adjacent it
is fullon Christian supremacist even
secular folks Lindsey Graham Lindsey
Graham who's not known as some Christian
theocrat did you hear what he said at
the beginning oh he want to like new
Gaza or something he wanted to level Gaz
but listen to the context in which said
I think we have the clip of Lindsey
Graham Senator uh Republican senator
we're in a religious War here I am with
Israel do whatever the hell you have to
do to defend yourself level the place F
from The River To The Sea Palestine will
be free according to the House of
Representatives in a resolution is is a
genocidal statement but a Republican
senator saying level the place and I
think in the same in the same or he said
like oh we knew Kish and they should do
what this an old clip he said that the
other day this is straight after like
people like him people like openly
atheist Bill Mars they are like atheist
until it comes to Israel Suddenly It's
biblical oh we are the chosen people is
not known for being a very Christian you
know right-wing member of Congress but
the story he says this is a religious
War basam this is what bothers me most
about this debate this is what this is I
actually want to talk about some of the
French freaks today because I don't
believe it's a religious War I assume
you don't believe it's a religious War
it's not made into a religious war look
as as as people like Rashid khi and Omar
bagti of BDS have said we would oppose
zionists if they were Buddhists if they
were Hindus if what if they were
atheists right it's a war about land
it's a it's a struggle about freedom and
self-determination it's not about
religion I would support the Palestinian
people I support the people of Tibet
they're not Muslim I support their right
to self-determination I support the weas
and shinjang who are Muslim I support
Palestinians who are Christians and
Muslims for people like Lindsey Graham
to say this is a religious war is so
reckless and dangerous and irresponsible
yeah and I think is people tell you what
about the people on the Islams like we
already call them terrorist exactly we
already call them terorist if you want
to make the comparison and none of them
is in the heads of states of the country
surrounding Israel Egypt even Saudi
Arabia one of the the most Rel religious
MBS will never he locked up all the
Islamic preachers he he will not have
people coming on like representing Saudi
Arabia and say like oh it's a relig so
we should wipe up the Jews and we have a
lot of Jews in religious scripture to
advance that but also when Hamas says
stuff like that and Hamas calls itself
Islamic resistance movement people don't
agree with that right that's the whole
point Palestinians are led by quote
unquote uh you know the pa the palestin
authority the PLO which have always been
secular organizations this is a struggle
for Freedom it's very simple and for
people like Graham to make it into a
religious war and for people like Mike
Johnson to turn up at events where
they're talking about rebuilding temples
wiping out mosques burning out red cows
it is scary I'm sorry to say and that's
why I wanted to talk about it today and
and it is crazy it's like a lot of
projection a lot of deflection because
now it's like you know I'm all for
criticizing extreme religious views
whether that was Islamic or otherwise
but now I think it's I think the table
has turned I think we need to talk about
other religious extreme religious views
not just like Muslim people I don't know
about you but I've always been someone
who I got in trouble with f I'm I'm a
islamist hate
me Islam is freaking hate me I'm I'm a
Muslim right I'm a Muslim I'm a
practicing Muslim I believe in Muslim I
believe in Islam but I don't believe
that you weaponize religion I do believe
that you have to have a space uh where
people are as you said earlier in the
show you can't impose your religious
views on other people that's what it
comes and but it doesn't matter how many
times you say they're still going to
call you a terrorist Islam islamist and
then they would ignore all of that right
there in front of you in plain sight
which is crazy no the people I'm the
people who are trying to bring about the
end of the world on our side of the
argument thankfully don't have much
power you can talk about Iran or Hamas
whatever it is and Iran doesn't have
nuclear weapons Israel does and America
does and Israel has the backing of the
United States but if you want to talk
like there is a clip there is a clip
that I there's like a religious like
Jewish leader who's talking about like
killing everybody I wrote about him for
Z Rabbi eliahu Mali from
yafa and in reality do not spare any
soul is based on the doctrine that says
he who comes to kill you in the
afternoon kill him in the morning and
the one who comes to kill you here in
the broad sense is not the person who
was 18 16 20 30 years old the one who
points his weapon at
you but also the Next Generation and
those who give birth to the Next
Generation because in reality there is
no
difference and elderly people the
elderly people there is no such thing
called an innocent creature by the way
the elderly man is capable of carrying a
rifle and
shooting therefore the Torah concept is
very clear in the
ruling in Gaza according to estimates
from the IDF between 95% to 98% want to
annihilate us this is the silent
majority
the children too should be killed the
same thing the same
thing when the Torah says do not spare
any Soul then you must not spare any
soul today he is a child today he is a
youth and tomorrow a fighter but this
guy this Rabbi interesting notice what
he says he says Don't Be Clever with the
Torah again the misuse of religion and
religious scripture is so blatant I
watch this I feel like I've gone back in
time to 20 years when you and I being us
condemn this shikh on YouTube condemn
this preacher in egyp why they condemn
this this guy if you put him in Arabic
could fit with all of the Isis Al-Qaeda
folks he's saying kill kids and I wrote
about him in my newsletter for Zeto
Shameless plug if you're not subscribed
to my newsletter it's z.com please do so
no one else wrote about him he should be
front page news if this was a and he's
not some Fringe freak again B he trains
the soldiers going into Gaza their
students at his school many of the
officers going into Gaza are hearing
this crap in the name of religion I'm
always going to condemn anyone who kills
in the name of Christianity anyone who
kills in the name of Judaism anyone who
kills in the name of Islam you don't
don't use religion to justify your
craziness your violence your desire for
land I don't condemn I just make fun of
them and I think we should have the
Liberty to call out all of those
religious I mean I'm I'm not very
popular with the islamist mov and you
know that people like don't like because
I I I you don't bring 7th Century
ideology into the 21st century but those
people they're bringing like even like
predates Jesus Christ ideology they're
bringing Gad been there for 6,000 years
and their weapon in it in order to take
people land to kill people to have
license of killing children it's it's
the weaponizing that I have an issue
with right I have no problem with the
Book of Numbers I have no problem with
religious sacrifices I have a great
sacrifice on edel Ada coming up I'm
looking forward to that meat but I know
you're plant-based but um what I have a
problem with is the weaponization and I
think those of us who are in a position
to talk about this stuff should be able
to condemn this weaponization and make
more people aware of just the insanity
because this is what we've talked about
today is not the majority opinion in any
of our communities I just feel we're in
a moment now basam where I spent the
last two decades as a journalist in the
UK and the us being asked to condemn
Islamic extremism islamism jihadism
being told that Muslims are all crazy
extreme want to bring about the end of
the world and now I'm sitting here in
the United States and I'm watching some
crazy Christian evangelicals some
militant far-right Israeli settlers form
this alliance with support in Congress
to do some really really dangerous stuff
which is flying below the radar and
that's why I wanted to talk about this
today you know we can laugh about a red
heer we can laugh about you know there's
prophecies about uh we didn't get time
to get into it there's prophecies about
Israel will only survive 80 years a lot
of Israeli Prime Ministers have warned
about this Netanyahu and Barack and
naftali Bennett a lot of that is driving
what is going on in the Middle East as
you say the conflict is not about
religion but it's being made into
something that is about religion and I
think those of us whether we're Muslim
Christian Jewish atheist we shouldn't
have a billar pales exception we should
call out the extremism wherever we see
it yeah if if the if the speaker of the
house and and if again I I I talk this a
lot I talk about the the wait praying
for Armageddon but they are now not just
like in the congress not in the sener
they are actually in the American Army
John haggy who we've talked about today
the head of cons Christians United for
Israel very influential Pastor who we
watched he says that he helped Donald
Trump persuade Donald Trump at a dinner
to move the embassy to Jerusalem the US
Embassy because he told him Jesus Will
Rule from there for a thousand years now
Donald Trump doesn't believe in any of
this stuff Donald Trump only believes in
himself but the idea that they can shift
political power in this way using these
kind of fake religious justifications
and with Trump coming back very soon
into office is very worrying and I think
we should end it when we start talking
about Donald Trump because that's a
whole separate topic that you and I one
day we'll need to talk about Trump and
Biden but bam thank you very much thank
you so much and uh yeah been a pleasure
to come to your town this time yes where
we going to be next time we're going to
catch you in the world for our next
episode in a month's time I I will I
will come to you to New York all right
let's see New York let's do the East
Coast although the west coast is very
nice although I'm only here briefly yes
you're not dressed for a West Coast I
must say yeah I I I I thought I was
giving you some like I'm I'm just paying
some courtesy to it but like yeah I'm
I'm going to come in shorts next time
shorts on the west shorts on the East
Coast shorts on the East Coast that's
what you're waiting for I'm m h my legs
are too thin my name is bessim MF and
we're not kidding seriously what we
talked about today we're not kidding
about it thanks B thank you
we're not kidding as a Zeto production
I'm your host M Hass and today's co-host
was basam yusf our executive producers
are Misha YF and Kieran Alvi our
producer and editor is Frank Capello our
music was composed by Andy Clawson our
design is by Alicia tatone and the title
card animation is by asan mesali special
thanks to mea Imam and Lara strium